it's not easy to conduct a vaccination
Drive in the middle of a war zone health
workers in Gaza have only a few days to
vaccinate thousands of children against
polio a case was detected recently after
the virus was eradicated here 25 years
ago medical authorities sounded the
alarm calling for Urgent action in order
to stop the spread of of polio in this
outbreak we need to reach at least 90%
of the children in this case would be
children under 10 so yes this is the
only way to stop the spread and this is
the uh we're going to be working towards
that the designated areas by the World
Health Organization were coordinated
with all the parties to ensure the
safety of the children their parents and
Medical
Teams Israel has agreed to limited pause
in fighting to allow the vaccinations
parents remain concerned for the health
of their children and their safety as
they often walk long distances to get
the vaccination
sites the entire situation is
frightening from the moment we leave our
tent until we reach here we assume an
Israeli missile or shell will fall on
our heads if the vehicle is not targeted
the hospital would be attacked our lives
and our children's lives are hanging by
a thread we could be killed at any point
of time the medical teams will next move
to un Rafa and then ning Gaza hoping to
inculate more than half a million
children for now the World Health
Organization says the operation is
exceeding expectations and that all its
sites are packed with children waiting
to be
inoculated but in the area battered by
missiles tanks and fighter jets the
process has been
challenging the campaign is running with
very limited resources we are facing
great difficulties the vaccine vials
were delivered into Gaza with great
difficulty because of the Israeli Siege
and ongoing War medical staff are
working in non-equipped areas be it in
the hospital yard or even inside
tins but the dangers of the polio
outbreak aren't over the success of the
vaccination campaign relies on whether
the limited 8 hour a day pause in
fighting will hold Gaza is no longer the
same Relentless bombardment has largely
destroyed entire Hospitals and Clinics
International Health Organization fear
shortages in medical supplies water food
and fuel could lead to a far bigger
[Music]
crisis make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer